Add readme for project (#9)
Satont/gallery: README.md

> # Gallery (pics-sharer)

Reviewer: 1. Not sure about "sharer" word.
2. It's a title! Just left it original, description is below.

![](https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/satont/gallery/Publish%20Docker/master?label=docker&style=for-the-badge)

---
# Description

> Personally, i getting tired saving pictures to PC from my friends. So, i get simple idea, how i can store and share images from my friends/me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personally, I'm tired of saving pictures from my friends to my PC. So, I get a simple idea how I can store and share images from my friends and/or me.
```
